Rohith 03-03-2022
 
The Robotic Process Automation Handbook: A Guide to Implementing RPA Systems
Robotic Process Automation: Guide To Building Software Robots, Automate Repetitive Tasks & Become An RPA Consultant
Learning Robotic Process Automation: Create Software robots and automate business processes with the leading RPA tool – UiPath
Robotic Process Automation using UiPath StudioX: A Citizen Developer’s Guide to Hyperautomation
Robotic Process Automation Projects: Build real-world RPA solutions using UiPath and Automation Anywhere
The Project Manager's Guide to RPA: A Practical Guide for Deploying Robotics Process Automation
The Digital Transformation Journey: How To Implement Robotic Process Automation That Scales: How Rpa Is Implemented
Robotic Process Automation with Automation Anywhere: Techniques to fuel business productivity and intelligent automation using RPA
Intelligent Automation Simplified: Learn Enterprise Automation, AI-Led Automation, and Robotic Process Automation with Use-cases (English Edition)
Robotic Process Automation Tools, Process Automation and Their Benefits: Understanding Rpa and Intelligent Automation
The Simple Implementation Guide to Robotic Process Automation (Rpa): How to Best Implement Rpa in an Organization
Robotic Process Automation Tools: Scalable RPA CoE For Your Management: Benefits Of Rpa Coe
The Care and Feeding of Bots: An Owner’s Manual for Robotic Process Automation
The Project Manager's Guide to RPA: A Practical Guide for Deploying Robotics Process Automation
Business @ the Speed of Bots: The AEIO YOU Method: How to Implement Robotic Process Automation That Scales. Implement RPA and IA in a Fast and Scalable...For the New Digital Transformation Age
Robotic Process Automation (RPA): Business Presentation (FlevyPro Frameworks)
 
x. A.
B. Course Policies: Grades
Policy Regarding Contesting a Grade:
You have one week (seven calendar days) following the posting of a grade AFTER the due date and
release/unmuting of the grades after evaluation of the automated grading results to contest the grade.
If the grade is not contested by 5 pm (Eastern) on the fifth University business day, then the grade
posted stands as final. For purposes of contesting a grade, an email to the email address listed above
with a subject line of CONTESTING MY GRADE and a body with your name, the course, the assignment,
and a brief explanation of why you are contesting the grade shall constitute notice of your intention to
contest a grade.
Late Work Policy:
Submissions will be made via Canvas, and the time stamp provided by Canvas utilized as the official
recorded time of submission. I do not allow late work to be submitted unless there is prior approval by
me based on special circumstances.
o Failure to submit an assignment when due results in an automatic grade of zero (O) on that
assignment.
o I reserve the right to require submission of an alternate assignment in lieu of the originally assigned
work in the event of an prior approved change to due date.
 
•This folder includes:
»a Main.xaml file is automatically created, which should hold your main
workflow.
>all other automation .xaml files included in the project. Please note that these
files have to be linked to the Main xaml through the Invoke Workflow File
activity, because only the Main_xaml file is executed when you run a job.
.screenshots folder, if you are dealing with Ul automation.
project.json file that contains information about your automation project.